[core] retryable exceptions for method (#41194)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/ray-core/fault_tolerance/actors.rst

original handle to the actor.

If ``max_restarts`` is set, you can also allow Ray to automatically restart the actor by passing ``no_restart=False`` to ``ray.kill``.

Actor method exceptions
---------------------------------

Sometime it's desired to retry when an actor method raises exceptions. You can use ``max_retries`` in combination with ``retry_exceptions`` to achieve it.

``retry_exceptions`` can be set to `@ray.method(retry_exceptions=...)` decorator.

- (Default case) If ``retry_exceptions == False``: no retries for user exceptions.
- If ``retry_exceptions == True``: a method may be retried on user exception for up to ``max_retries`` times.
- If ``retry_exceptions`` is a list of exceptions: a method may be retried on user exception for up to ``max_retries`` times, only if it raises an exception from these specific classes.

> ``max_retries`` works for both exceptions and actor crashes. It can be set up in many ways:

Reviewer: Can you give a simple example here? 

1. if retries = 5, and if it raises exception 4 times and crash once, the 5th exception is not retried (because all retires are used up)

> - If it's set in the `.options(max_retries=2)` call, use that value.

Reviewer: 1. Can you mention it is disabled by default and use the feature only when the actor tasks are idempotent?

---------------------------------

Sometime it's desired to retry when an actor method raises exceptions. You can use ``max_retries`` in combination with ``retry_exceptions`` to achieve it.

Note: this behavior of retrying on user raised exceptions is disabled by default. If you enable it, you need to make sure the method is idempotent, meaning invoking it multiple times should be equivalent to invoking it only once.

``retry_exceptions`` can be set to `@ray.method(retry_exceptions=...)` decorator, or in the `.options(retry_exceptions=...)` in the method call.

- (Default case) If ``retry_exceptions == False``: no retries for user exceptions.
- If ``retry_exceptions == True``: a method may be retried on user exception for up to ``max_retries`` times.
- If ``retry_exceptions`` is a list of exceptions: a method may be retried on user exception for up to ``max_retries`` times, only if it raises an exception from these specific classes.

``max_retries`` works for both exceptions and actor crashes. It's determined in this order:

- the method call's `.options(max_retries=2)`, or if not set,
- the method definition's `@ray.method(max_retries=2)` decorator, of if not set,

> - the Actor class definition's `@ray.remote(max_task_retries=2)` decorator, or if not set,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The Actor class definition's value, for example, `@ray.remote(max_task_retries=2)` decorator. Ray ignores this value if you didn't set it.
```

> - defaults to 0.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The default value,`0`.
```

> For example, for an method with `max_retries=5` and `retry_exceptions=True`, and the actor has `max_restarts=2`, it may be executed up to 6 times: once for the initial invocation, and 5 retries. The 6 invocations may include 2 actor crashes. If all 6 invocations runs out, a `ray.get` call to the result Ray ObjectRef raises the exception raised in the last invocation, or `ray.exceptions.RayActorError` if the actor crashed in the last invocation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For example, if a method sets `max_retries=5` and `retry_exceptions=True`, and the actor sets `max_restarts=2`, Ray executes the method up to 6 times: once for the initial invocation, and 5 additional retries. The 6 invocations may include 2 actor crashes. After the 6th invocation, a `ray.get` call to the result Ray ObjectRef raises the exception raised in the last invocation, or `ray.exceptions.RayActorError` if the actor crashed in the last invocation.
```

original handle to the actor.

If ``max_restarts`` is set, you can also allow Ray to automatically restart the actor by passing ``no_restart=False`` to ``ray.kill``.

Actor method exceptions
-----------------------

> Sometime you want to retry when an actor method raises exceptions. Use ``max_retries`` with ``retry_exceptions`` to retry.

Author: use `max_retries` for method is preferred?
